hey everyone it's Anna and welcome to my
college nighttime routine so this video
is actually sponsored by audible which
is so exciting because this is my first
sponsored video and I love reading books
and listening to books and I literally
couldn't think of a better sponsor so
thank you so much audible if you don't
know what audible is it is an audiobook
service that provides actually the
biggest selection of audiobooks in the
world which is pretty cool and you can
listen like on your phone on your
computer just like on-the-go going to
work as a student I don't really find
enough time for like pleasure reading or
just like fun reading on my own and even
with like books for class it's like
really tough to sneak in time like a lot
of times like I would take like
textbooks to the gym and I've seen
people do that or take their laptops and
everything and so now with audible I've
actually been able to listen to
audiobooks like well I'm on the go like
walking to class if you want a 30-day
free trial just for you guys
you could go to audible.com slash Sienna
so si e and na or tech Sienna - five
zero zero five zero zero which I feel
very special
so I the audible member you will get
three free audio books a month so you
got one of your choice and then two
audible originals which you can only
find on audible which is pretty cool
when you do your 30 day free trial
you'll get one free book of your
choosing see she's literally anything so
there's self-help books there's
mysteries there's also like audio
fitness programs like there's a whole
ton of stuff every book that you could
make up so you got one of your choosing
if you sign up and I started listening
to you're a badass by Jensen cero and
she actually narrates it which is
amazing and so many people recommended
this to me and I just didn't really feel
like I had the time to read it because I
really wanted to like listen and absorb
parse through everything and so I've
been listening to it on the go which has
been amazing and I'll just be like
walking through class and then she'll
say something like super inspirational
every three minutes and I'll just be
like oh my gosh wait that's incredible
it really helps with my day okay so
let's just jump straight in
first when I come back from pretty long
day of classes I just like to take my
backpack off take my shoes off unpack
everything just like get my planner out
and my computer so when I come back I
just like to fully arrive and kind of
unpack everything and then I usually
just like sit down at my desk and pull
out my computer go over some emails
maybe do a little bit of editing kind of
look at what homework I have to do for
the day what's going on the next day
just kind of get my life back on track
setup and like here you can see I'm
doing some editing of my Spring Break
vlog which should be up pretty soon and
then I usually like to take a little bit
of a break from school so I'll just kind
of like lay around in my bed here I'm
probably watching like a BTS run episode
and texting my friends and just kind of
chilling out so now that I've done
lazing around and I'm taking a little
break from classes I'm going to change
into something warmer because it's a
little bit cool outside and then go meet
one of my really good class and friends
for dinner so I usually walk there while
listening to an audiobook because
everything is within a walking distance
in Harvard Square which is amazing and
then we went to this place called border
cafe which is a Mexican restaurant which
is a pretty big favorite among students
okay you're so cute this is mah day this
is my really good aqua class and friend
and I love her so much and so we like to
get dinner a lot together and then after
I'm heading over to my friend storm
which is about a 20 minute walk away so
I like to listen to an audiobook and I'm
listening to you're a badass as I said
before which is amazing and I like to
listen to it on some x 1.25 speed
because then I get through it faster so
now I'm just in my friend Hannah's room
she's my big I'm in alpha thei and these
are all off of e girls and we're just
kind of hanging out and chilling them
older girls are drinking wine and I'm
eating popcorn of course and we're all
just kind of catching each other up on
our dates and our weekends I'm looking
forward to going out together I always
have a blast with them I love them so
much and then when I get home it's kind
of late it's like midnight so I
instantly put on some comfy clothes and
soy pants because I love them and I put
on my fuzzy slides and then I'm
literally always listening to music so I
always put some on when I'm getting
ready for bed put my hair up into a bun
get it off of my face these little
scrunchy and then I take off my makeup
whoops just drop that and then I put on
this little cute bear a headband because
it keeps my hair off my face and then we
have hallway bathrooms but it's
literally right across from our door so
I just go over there
hang on my face how and I brush my teeth
usually while dancing like a crazy
person to some form of kpop music
typical tonight in zanna's life and then
I always make sure to wash my face no
matter how tired I am because it's so
important get all the makeup off and
then I always Pat my face dry never rub
all clean and then I just do my skincare
routine so this is like toner and I'm
pretty vigilant of with my skincare
routine I never skip it and then serum
patting it on this takes me forever but
it's worth it all glowy and then I just
put on a lip sleeping mask and goof off
some more and then we tie my hair in a
ponytail and then always always before
bed I go out to the water fountain and
fill up my water bottle make sure to
drink it throughout the night and the
next morning and then I always fill up
my humidifier because I have it on all
day and all night and then I use this
like happy essential oil from Muji and
put that in because it smells really
nice
[Music]
and then just put that back on and turn
it on and turn on the light and then I
always like to set myself up for the
next day for classes so I put whatever
materials that I will need usually my
planner my pencil case and then I will
go over in my planner the next day and
write out everything that I have to do
my schedule here I have to wake up study
for my Korean midterm at breakfast and
then edit a video later in the day and
then I'll just check email again it
literally like another form of social
media in college you're always checking
your email it's kind of funny
and then well probably end up laughing
at something one of my roommates said
and kind of goofing off and getting
distracted and then going back to my
schedule and then I always try to like
line down at night and not be thinking
about school so sometimes I'll go on
youtube and watch like a youtube video
and then if it's not too late sometimes
all watched show before bed so lately
I've been really getting into like
stand-up comedy's so this is Ali Wong's
baby Cobra which I highly recommend and
then I'll just plug in my phone make
sure till charge set my alarm for the
day usually have to set like two or
three chests in case so I don't miss
class in the morning make sure it's on
and I'll hear it and then well usually
just go through social media and go on
Instagram and then force myself to get
off and then we'll end up going on
twitter twitter is my weakness honestly
and then I try to get off because I
don't like to do too many screens before
bed and then I'll just turn out my light
and try to get like eight hours of sleep
so thank you guys so much for watching
this video and I'll see you in my next
one
love you bye
you